Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Listen. I just posted
a half a million in bail.
- Ms. Buckley. I know you're frustrated--
- No. You know.
if I wanted to talk to paralegals.
then I would've hired myself
a public defender. All right. Tom?
For the amount of money
that I am paying y'all.
I expect the top dog.
Cat. not only is Lexi a senior associate.
she's also the attorney I'd trust
if I were on trial for murder.
- Oh. yeah? I guess you know best.
- [computer beeps]
[scoffs]
- [man chuckles] You wanna go swimming?
- Dad. who's in our yard?
- [man] Come on. Get in the pool.
- Hang on just a sec. What?
- You ain't seen nothing yet. baby.
- Ooh! Ooh. yeah.
- I might let you fuck me in that pool.
- We can do whatever the fuck we want.
- Go upstairs.
- [man laughing]
- Sorry. y'all. I got to call you back.
- Tom…
[ominous music playing]
- You got another one of these. Trish?
- Mm-hmm.
[Trish] You wanna move in?
[man groans]
Hey. man. God. it is a hot one. huh?
What are you doing?
- You know what they say…
- What do they say. Trish?
They say it's not the heat.
it's the humidity.
Yeah.
[Trish] But. dang. those motherfuckers
are ganging up on us today.
- [both chuckle]
- This is private property. Leave now.
Hold on. We were invited.
[Tom] By who?
Well. by the-the homeowner. Tommy.
- I'm Tom.
- [Trish giggling]
Well. shit.
You know. I guess
there must be two Toms then.
[giggling continues]
Oh. wait. wait. wait.
H-Hold on. all right?
'Cause you're-you're not even
using your pool.
That's a little selfish. don't you think?
[Trish chuckles]
We just wanna cool off. you know?
Some people don't have pools.
Get the fuck outta here.
Or what?
Or I'm gonna take you apart.
Gosh. Tom…
You don't strike me as a violent guy.
You know this is
a Stand Your Ground state. right?
- Well. I guess we overstayed our welcome.
- Yeah.
Trish… [clears throat] …round it up.
- [Trish] Really?
- [grunts] Yeah.
- [Trish] It's so pretty.
- I know. Another day. Come on.
- Thanks for having us. [giggles]
- [laughing]
- [grunts] It's heavy.
- You got it?
So boring…
[Ray] This is Zack's.
This is the mirror phone.
Whatever's on Zack's cell
shows up here too.
So I can text as Zack and then delete it.
and he won't see?
You ever considered just talking to him?
If he catches you doing that.
he's never gonna trust you again.
Someone attacked him.
- Drugged him and mutilated him.
- Hmm.
I'm just doing what I need to do
to protect my son.
Yeah.
What are you not telling me?
This girl…
- This AngelX…
- Hmm.
I think it's Max Cady.
He is catfishing Zack
to fuck with Tom and me.
- But you don't know for sure?
- Oh. I do.
I do. I just… I can't prove it yet.
Okay. Anna. I owe you everything.
[stutters] If you hadn't stood up for me.
I'd still be rotting in prison
- for a murder I didn't do.
- [sighs]
But Max is going through
the same exact shit as me.
- No.
- Look. you're going after a guy
who was just exonerated.
That goes against everything
SJLP stands for.
No. I hear you. I do.
But this is my family we're talking about.
My advice. if you feel
he's really trying to get you…
- He is.
- …then you play like you have his back.
Work close with him. Earn his trust.
Keep your friends close
and your enemies closer. right?
[chuckles]
That's not exactly what I meant.
I trust that you're gonna
keep this between us.
- Yeah.
[safe beeps]
Dad.
Just a misunderstanding.
What was the misunderstanding?
Drunk.
Wrong pool.
Everything's fine.
[grunting. panting]
[Noa] Centurion prison conglomerate
is going to settle restitution
with Max this week.
Good. They profit off pain.
they deserve to be spooked.
Especially that warthog. Coburn.
I hate his cologne.
and I really hate his neckties.
[Noa] They're looking
to settle Cady's lawsuit.
And he wants you to fly to Atlanta.
close the deal.
He says you're the best lawyer he knows.
I got him a life sentence.
We get 40% and free publicity. Win-win.
I know you had questions about Cady.
[breathes deeply]
You can ask him on the trip.
Wait. He's going?
[sighs]
Okay.
Mmm.
[chattering]
Uh. nothing like ice cream on a hot day.
- [chuckles] I knew it was you.
- Oh.
Wendy Wilson. remember?
Sorry to say I don't. No.
I used to eat at your restaurant
- at least once a week.
- Oh. okay.
And it sure was sweet of you
to name it after your wife.
When are you gonna open up
a new place for a girl to eat at?
I don't know.
Have a good one.
Uh. hey. do you really think
Amy Brancato did it?
Why would she wait
all these years to confess?
Hmm.
I'm starting to wonder if we do
know each other. Wendy.
[both chuckle]
I just… I think it had to be
a man. don't you?
- Well…
- A man with strong hands.
Speaking of…
What? You like my hands?
I can do a lot with these hands.
- Oh. yeah? Like what?
- Oh. yeah. [chuckles]
You really want to know?
You know I grew up by a river? Yeah.
We could go to a cabin by Cape Fear River.
And I could catch a fish for you
with these hands.
[both chuckle]
And cook it with olive oil
and some garlic. Very simple.
[sighs] That sounds mouthwatering.
- [chuckles]
- Yeah.
And then I could take you upstairs…
[breathes deeply]
…put my hand on your throat
- and squeeze just a little bit.
- [moans]
- Just enough. Would you like that?
- [breathes shakily] Yes.
What if I choke you…
- till you die. Wendy?
- No.
- Would you like that?
- [whimpers]
- I bet you'd like that.
- [grunts. gasps]
Nice to meet you.
[deep house music playing]
[knocks on door]
Can we talk?
[Zack] Uh. yeah. One sec.
[music stops]
Hi.
I can have my phone back?
Your dad and I just wanted to say
that we trust you and we love you.
[Zack breathes deeply]
This man sits in jail for 17 years
while his white lady lawyer
fucks the white prosecutor
and has his babies.
They were obviously fucking already.
They fucked him over.
The Bowdens need to go to jail.
[Natalie] Mom?
Did you actually wear this?
Where did you find that?
The back of your closet.
What are you doing rooting around
in my closet like a truffle pig?
Well. I needed something for a party.
What look were you going for?
I have no idea.
It was the '90s.
Nothing really made sense.
Can't see you in this many ruffles.
[chuckles]
Really? You can have it.
Thanks. Mom.
I think Callie's gonna like this.
[door closes]
Fuck you. Max.
[phone beeps]
[country music playing on speaker]
Breakfast for dinner. Good call.
It's usually better
with orange soda though.
The fuck are you doing? Who are you?
I'm Anna.
My name is "Fuck you."
What the fuck are you doing. bitch?
Well. um… Nevaeh…
I'm Zack's mom.
And I would like you to tell me
why he only has nine toes left.
Why don't you ask him?
He did it after he went home.
I wasn't even there.
[breathes deeply]
Okay. here's what you're gonna do.
You're gonna pick up that phone.
you're gonna text Zack.
- and break up with him.
- [sniffs]
Be kind. but firm.
I don't want any room for confusion.
[chuckles]
Don't fuck with me.
I have friends in the Savannah PD.
and I will have you arrested
for dealing drugs to a minor.
I'll get you charged as an adult.
[Nevaeh sniffs]
[typing]
[phone beeps]
Happy?
One more thing.
Do you know who this is?
Some old guy I'd definitely fuck.
Now give me my shit back.
If you need a place to stay.
there's a shelter over on Fuller Street.
It's safer than the one on Third
and they usually have available beds.
[Tom] What were you thinking?
You're lucky it wasn't Max.
And maybe you forgot
that the guy was in prison
when Zack started talking to this girl.
They have Internet in prison.
What's going on with you?
- You know you're spiraling. right?
- Yeah. I know.
I know. I know. I can see the pattern.
I know that I am obsessing.
But it's hard to stop
when I don't feel safe.
Guess I can thank my dad for that.
It's an unfortunate hand-me-down.
You had a fight-or-flight childhood.
But that is not our reality.
You're safe.
We are safe.
[sighs]
Okay.
Um. I was just trying to protect Zack.
[sighs]
But I should have told you.
Next time. just let me know
if you're gonna go rogue.
[chuckles]
- All right?
- Yeah.
- That's it.
- Okay.
Guess it was just some feral teenager.
[chuckles] Yeah.
And now she's out of the picture.
[water runs. stops]
[brushing teeth]
You sure you're gonna be okay
in the office without me for a day?
[Noa] You just get to Atlanta
and get us our 40% commission
- and I'll stop freaking out.
- I will do my best.
No pressure.
[person laughing]
Pinch the blade at the base.
Straight down like a guillotine.
There. That's great.
What the hell are you doing in my house?
Zack. did you let him in?
You were in the shower.
[footsteps approaching]
Zack said we could set up in here.
I hope you don't mind.
What are you doing here?
Do not record in the house.
[Tabitha] Noa didn't catch you up?
There is a tropical storm
coming in hot over Jacksonville.
so we are going to drive up to Atlanta.
And we can get pickups for the doc
along the way.
The doc?
The interview got so much traffic.
we're doing a three-part series
on the site.
- Can you wait in the car?
- [Tabitha] You'll hardly notice us.
Dusty's well-behaved.
He only talks when I tell him to. so…
Zack. help them with the equipment.
What. I'm…
- I'll finish.
- All right.
Good job.
Here. Sandwiches for the road.
You want one?
They're tasty.
This is the second time
you've shown up at my house.
Mm-hmm.
We knocked and your son…
[smacks lips] …invited us in.
And you just. what. made yourself at home?
Anna. we-we got off on the wrong foot.
[laughs] Sorry. Shit. Sorry.
- That was a bad choice of words.
- Hmm.
And I'm not mad you had me arrested.
because I get it.
You thought I hurt your son. I get it.
But that's why I gave you the case.
because I want to rebuild some trust.
Like clear up any misunderstanding
that we may have. Okay?
We can go in separate cars. if you want?
Whatever you prefer.
No.
No. it's fine.
Just give me ten.
And wait in the car.
You're driving up there
with a camera crew and him.
[Anna] Yeah. well. you know.
what was I supposed to do?
He was downstairs with Zack
making fucking sandwiches.
It… It'll be fine. I'm actually
really looking forward to it.
Honey. I don't know if I like
what I'm hearing in your voice.
I'm just excited to sit down
with some private prison folks
and make 'em eat shit.
Is that all?
Look. uh. it might be good for me to.
I don't know.
spend some time with Max. talk to him.
Anna. don't open up any old wounds.
He doesn't know anything.
I'm not gonna do anything stupid.
You know. he keeps showing up.
Keeps actively inserting himself
into our lives.
And I'm just not gonna feel safe
until I understand exactly
what his intentions are.
We need to know what he wants.
Just be careful.
I'm always careful.
[ominous music playing]
Don't worry. Lex.
You are an essential part
of her defense. That's--
Oh. shit.
What the--
Let me call you later.
Motherfucker.
Yes. ma'am. you've said that
twice already. But it's glitching.
which means that I can't tell whose dog
came into my yard and took a giant shit.
I'm not paying y'all a premium
for you to blame my Wi-Fi provider.
Yes. Love to hold.
What the fuck?
[country music playing]
I'm committed to making
this series authentic. you know?
What it's really like to be trapped
in a prison industrial system.
Turning up the rocks to show the worms.
Are you. though?
Would you show what it really feels like
to be alone?
'Cause I spent 17 years
without the touch of a woman's skin.
We should go.
The storm's chasing us to Atlanta.
[chuckles]
[music continues]
[music ends]
[Anna] You know that car?
No. [grunts]
Hey. You stay down here.
Oh. it's fine.
I'll ask their permission to film.
You don't have mine.
Come on. Access to Max.
It's-It's a gold mine.
Like. think HBO. Netflix.
I do not wanna be doing
social media content
for the Savannah Times
when I'm 40. [sighs]
I have tolerated you tagging along.
But I'm at work now so stay out of my way.
Fuck.
[lawyer] All right then.
In full and final satisfaction
of all claims asserted
by Mr. Maximiliano Cady.
we agree to a payout of $1.1 million.
[thunder rumbling]
That's a very generous sum. Mr. Cady.
Very nice cushion to rebuild with.
Yeah. Yeah. okay. Okay.
- Thank you. Good job.
- Great. This about wraps it up then.
The storm's gonna be here any minute.
Please sit down. We're not done here.
Pardon me? We've been here all afternoon
- and we just agreed.
- Well. we're not here just for the money.
It's not just irrational to introduce
new asks in the end zone.
- it's downright bad faith.
- [Anna] Oh. it's bad faith?
Your staff stood by
while my client got his skull split
by a known white supremacist gang.
What do you want?
[Anna] We're gonna need
an internal investigation
of all staff members
involved in the incident.
We'll need a public apology
and admission of negligence.
[laughing]
Well. I guess we're gonna
see you in court.
Where Mr. Cady's gonna keel over
from old age before he sees a dime.
Well. I would love to take you to court.
so don't threaten me
with a good time. gentlemen.
Max Cady. he's a true-crime celebrity.
And I will drag this out
into the public eye
with a camera crew recording every minute.
- so let's fucking do this.
- [thunder rumbles]
Wait. Mr. Cady.
didn't we just decide that--
Excuse me? Speak to me.
Did I mention that there is
a documentary crew downstairs
with a Netflix deal?
Make sure that you smile on the way out.
If we were gonna chat about this
at all any longer.
we would want you to acknowledge
our generosity publicly.
[thunder rumbling]
4.2 million. Holy shit. [chuckles]
It's a big win for y'all today.
- Thank you. Mr. Coburn.
- Uh. you're welcome.
Uh. you still want a photo. right?
Uh. sure. Yeah.
- Will you… Will you do the honors?
- Okay.
- [Max] You… You're ready?
- Yep.
All right.
Thank you for your generosity. sir.
- [grunts]
- [Dustin] We got it.
[sighs]
Good.
[house music playing]
Hey.
- Nat.
- [Danny] Hey. Nat.
[laughs]
Your dress is so old navy.
It's vintage.
I like the ruffles. The ruffles are cool.
[laughing]
You like the ruffles. [laughs]
Hey. um. are… are we good?
Why wouldn't we be?
[chuckling]
I'm gonna get a drink. Do you want one?
God! Nice ass. Nat. Now. back it up.
- [both laughing]
- What is that?
Highest production value
for a thirst trap I've ever seen.
Is that from a drone? Did you take that?
What? You just sent this to everyone.
[phone chimes]
[both laughing]
- [Owen] Damn.
- [partygoers laughing]
- [Owen] No.
- [teenager] Yeah.
[both laughing]
[teenager] Okay. Nat. [laughs]
[partygoer] That's her. That's her.
That-That's not from me.
I didn't send that.
- Who sent that?
- That's probably how my sister felt
when your brother started
showing her pictures around. right?
Did you do this?
Didn't Zack have. like. a meltdown
and bite off his own dick?
- [laughing]
- Fuck you.
[Owen] Hey. Hey!
- What the fuck?
- [laughs] Dude.
Hey.
What's your name?
Amber.
What's yours?
[Lexi] One late night
and we power through this brief.
Tonight's tough.
[phone buzzing]
Uh. Lex. hold on a sec.
- Hey.
- [Anna] The storm is right over us.
We stopped at some budget hotel
by the highway in Macon.
I was looking forward
to seeing you tonight.
I'm sorry. As soon as it stops.
I'll get back on the road.
All right. Stay safe.
- See you soon.
- Yeah.
Hey. you're right. Let's power through.
Why don't you come over?
Pajama party? We're right
across the hall from each other.
You found the minibar.
Oh. this is from my purse. Are you sure
you don't wanna celebrate?
[smacks lips] Uh. you enjoy yourself.
I will.
[grunts] Jesus.
[phone chiming]
Yo. Could you pause that for a sec?
I was. uh… I was looking
at the security camera earlier.
When Max Cady came by.
he gave you something. What was that?
He didn't give me anything.
I don't know. Uh. maybe we shook hands?
[doorbell rings]
[sighs]
[pop music playing]
Who broke your heart? Him or her?
She's not as straight
as she thinks she is. [chuckles]
Yeah. I can tell.
I'm a good judge of character.
Judge me then.
Hmm. [smacks lips]
[ominous music playing]
[sighs]
You're a beautiful girl
with a beautiful life
and you do everything right.
Except. somehow. it still feels wrong
and you're anxious.
Like you're in debt.
That's it. Yeah. It's like
everything you have is on loan.
but you're not paying it back with money.
You're paying it back with… [smacks lips]
…sports. and college apps.
and good grades.
You're paying it back with your life.
And if you keep doing it. one day
you're just gonna. um. disappear.
Well. what would you do if you were me?
Just stop paying.
And…
Hmm? Roll with me?
[chuckles]
[Lexi] Think we can get manslaughter?
Oh. no. I think the jury's gonna think
she killed her husband.
[Lexi] Hmm.
- Not to pry. but how are you?
- [yawns]
Uh. I'm fine.
Just taking care of things as they come.
Who's taking care of you?
I can take care of myself.
[Lexi chuckles]
So. um. are we. um. ever gonna
talk about whatever this is?
Been dancing around it for weeks now.
I mean. we almost--
We almost made a mistake. And we didn't.
- You look like you could use a drink.
- [chuckles]
None in the house.
You know Anna's sober.
[inhales] Tell me if I'm.
um. overstepping.
Twelve-year special reserve.
[chuckles] Having a drink is not cheating.
Or we could…
do what works.
[Lexi] Cheers.
Cheers.
[thunder rumbling]
Hey. Zack. It's Mom.
I was just calling to check in.
- Call me back. okay? Love you.
- [phone beeps]
- [knocks on door]
- [gasps]
[knocking continues]
[visitor] Max.
I can hear your feet on the floor.
[exhales]
Who-Who are you?
What do you want with Max?
[visitor] To sing him a song.
- And I brought him a present.
- [jingles]
Um. this isn't Max's room.
What's your name?
I can tell him you stopped by.
[visitor breathes heavily]
[visitor whimpers. mutters]
[door closes]
[Tabitha moans]
[moaning. heavy breathing]
[thudding]
[Tabitha groaning. screaming]
- You think he's filming this too?
- [gasps]
The handsome cameraman?
Uh. no. no. [stammers] She just sounded
like she might need some…
- I think she has all the help she needs.
- [moaning. screaming continues]
Yeah. [chuckles]
Let's get a coffee out there.
Unless you'd rather keep listening.
[Tabitha chuckling] Yeah.
No. I'll get my shoes.
[Tabitha moans]
[Max] Been a long day.
Yeah. A strange woman
knocked on my door looking for you.
[Max grunts]
Crazy women write to me
from all over. [chuckles]
Sorry you were disturbed.
Hey. today. you were… [chuckles]
[Anna chuckles]
- Bravo.
- Thank you.
4.2 million. Fuck.
- Yeah.
- That's a lot of money.
- [exclaims]
Yeah. Private prison companies
just bring something out in me. I guess.
- I see that.
- Hmm.
Although. if I divide 4.2 million
by 17 years.
and then your 40% and taxes
and blah. blah. blah…
What is it? Like. less than
what you make. I bet.
[chuckles]
It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter.
It's amazing what you did.
You were a pit bull. I-I…
I loved seeing you doing that.
It reminded me of when you…
First time I saw you. we first met and…
and I was an innocent man.
And you-you-you believed in me.
and you fought for me.
But then something changed. What was it?
Nothing.
I represented you
to the best of my ability.
No.
No. there was a…
there was a day
that you looked at me different.
I remember.
I don't know what you're talking about.
- Yeah. you do.
- No. I don't know
- what you're talking about.
- You do. Come on. Anna.
We had a connection. We were friends.
No?
I was in over my head.
[Max grunts]
Trial broke me but. um.
maybe I made some mistakes.
Gave some bad advice.
"It's never too late
to fix what we broke."
you said the other day.
Just reminding you that.
There was no way we could've known
which way that jury was leaning.
But if I had to do it again…
I wouldn't advise you to take the deal.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
- Good night. Max.
- Good night.
[Anna] I'm gonna call a car.
[door opens. closes]
[Lexi] Damn. They look happy.
[Tom] Wonder how things got so fucked up.
Hmm. I can't tell you. Never been married.
[both chuckle]
You know. even in a good marriage.
you start out as lovers.
and you become friends.
Eventually. the whole thing
is just a negotiation.
Doesn't have to be.
[phone buzzing]
[mutters. grunts]
- Hey.
- [Anna] Hey.
The storm's passed.
I'm gonna come back tonight after all.
- You sure? It's getting late.
- Yeah. No.
- Well. I'll wait up for you.
- See you soon. Okay. Bye.
[clears throat]
I'll see you at the office.
Yeah.
[Natalie breathing heavily]
[Nevaeh] Don't think.
[Natalie] This stuff is really strong.
Say whatever you feel.
[Natalie] Sometimes I feel like…
like an insect on the window.
I'm just stuck there.
[chuckles] Like they can't see me.
With my mom. everything…
everything is work.
[Nevaeh] Hmm.
And my…
My dad's not even my real dad.
He's a cuck?
[chuckles] He's my stepdad.
I don't know.
Sometimes I feel… [sighs]
…so disconnected.
Like they're not even your family?
[ominous music playing]
Like they're not even my family.
[Tom] Yeah. Lex thinks
we should go to trial.
but I don't think the jury's
gonna have any sympathy
for this particular defendant.
Their prenup's pretty barbaric.
so she's got motive.
You know what I mean?
Hey. Hey. wake me
when my wife gets home. okay?
Oh. I'm sorry. My mind's just…
It was a long day.
- [moans]
- [exhales deeply]
- Too hard?
- No.
No. It feels nice.
[moans]
[breathes deeply]
[thunder rumbling]
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
[door closes]
- [keys jingle]
- [dog panting. whines]
[thud in distance]
[dog growls]
[tense music playing]
[static crackling]
Hey. Max. I heard you got out.
[rustling]
[breathing heavily]
♪ What do they know about love? ♪
♪ What do they know about love. my dear? ♪
[groans]
♪ What do they know about love? ♪
I can tell you're laughing. [chuckles]
Are you… laughing?
- [groaning] No!
- [continues singing]
♪ What do they know about love. my dear? ♪
[groans] Shut the fuck up!
♪ The jingle of a dog's collar
Would be fine ♪
Would be good right here ♪
[strains. grunts. whimpering]
♪ The jingle of a dog's collar
Would be fine ♪
[breathing heavily]
♪ The jingle of a dog's collar
Would be good right here ♪
Would be fine ♪
♪ The jingle of a dog's collar… ♪
[panting]
Max. [chuckling]
[breathing heavily. grunting]
[visitor singing. distorted]
♪ What do they know about love. my dear? ♪
♪ What do they know about love? ♪
♪ The jingle of a dog's collar
Would be fine ♪
♪ What do they know about love. my dear? ♪
♪ What do they know about love? ♪
♪ The jingle of a dog's collar
Would be fine ♪
♪ What do they know about love. my dear? ♪
♪ What do they know about love? ♪
♪ The jingle of a dog's collar
Would be fine ♪
♪ What do they know about love. my dear? ♪
♪ What do they know about love? ♪
♪ The jingle of a dog's collar
Would be fine ♪
♪ What do they know about love. my dear? ♪
♪ What do they know about love? ♪
♪ The jingle of a dog's collar
Would be… ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org